chore(curriculum): add slice-and-splice to full-stack-curriculum (#60265)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/lab-slice-and-splice/579e2a2c335b9d72dd32e05c.md

---
id: 579e2a2c335b9d72dd32e05c
title: Implement the Slice and Splice Algorithm
challengeType: 26
dashedName: implement-the-slice-and-splice-algorithm
---

# --description--

> Create a `frankenSplice` function that accepts two arrays and an index.
> 
> Copy each element of the first array into the second array, in order.
> 
> Begin inserting elements at index `n` of the second array.
> 
> Return the resulting array. The input arrays should remain the same after the function runs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this lab, you will need to create an algorithm to merge two arrays.

Fulfill the user stories below and get all the tests to pass to complete the lab.

**User Stories:**

1. Create a `frankenSplice` function that accepts two arrays and an index.
1. Copy each element of the first array into the second array, in order, beginning at the given index, and return the resulting array.
1. The input arrays should remain the same after the function runs.
```

Following a similar pattern to what Jessica did here: https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/pull/60409/files#diff-f31dc119b883391e4fe505a384391bbc6fef2a3d686e3c32028cff073460638bR10

```

`frankenSplice(["claw", "tentacle"], ["head", "shoulders", "knees", "toes"], 2)` should return `["head", "shoulders", "claw", "tentacle", "knees", "toes"]`.

```js
assert.deepEqual(
  frankenSplice(
    ['claw', 'tentacle'],
    ['head', 'shoulders', 'knees', 'toes'],
    2
  ),
  ['head', 'shoulders', 'claw', 'tentacle', 'knees', 'toes']
);
```

All elements from the first array should be added to the second array in their original order. `frankenSplice([1, 2, 3, 4], [], 0)` should return `[1, 2, 3, 4]`.

```js
assert.deepEqual(frankenSplice([1, 2, 3, 4], [], 0), [1, 2, 3, 4]);
```

The first array should remain the same after the function runs.

```js
frankenSplice(testArr1, testArr2, 1);
assert.deepEqual(testArr1, [1, 2]);
```

The second array should remain the same after the function runs.

```js
frankenSplice(testArr1, testArr2, 1);
assert.deepEqual(testArr2, ['a', 'b']);
```

# --seed--

## --after-user-code--

```js
let testArr1 = [1, 2];
let testArr2 = ['a', 'b'];
```

## --seed-contents--

```js
function frankenSplice(arr1, arr2, n) {
  return arr2;
}

frankenSplice([1, 2, 3], [4, 5, 6], 1);
```

# --solutions--

```js
function frankenSplice(arr1, arr2, n) {

>   // It's alive. It's alive!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: I will remove the seed code completely, like we did for the other labs just added

Reviewer 2: I am going to work on this now and double check. If needed I will add instructions on the function name.
